I went through them voraciously until I was stuck with the study guide. The ego took me on a detour again — delaying any deep, soul diving — that made me lazy and disinterested on book hunting the 3 others (i.e. the celestine vision, the 11th and 12th insight) of the adventure series.

This introspection exercise is surely a long overdue shadow work. I feel it’s time look closely into my personal adventure to intensify and expand The Nine Insights. For now, let’s take a look first into the author’s summary of the insights.

(1) 
A new spiritual awakening is occurring in human culture, an awakening brought about by a critical mass of individuals who experience their lives as a spiritual unfolding, a journey in which we are led forward by mysterious coincidences.

(2) 
This awakening represents the creation of a new, more complete worldview, which replaces a five-hundred-year-old preoccupation with secular survival and comfort. While this technological preoccupation was an important step, our awakening to life coincidences is opening us up to the real purpose of human life on this planet and the real nature of our universe.

(3)
We now experience that we live not in a material universe but in a universe of dynamic energy. Everything extant is a field of sacred energy that we can sense and Intuit. Moreover, we humans can project our energy by focusing our attention in the desired direction (“where attention goes, energy flows”), influencing other energy systems and increasing the pace of coincidences in our lives.

(4) 
Too often humans cut themselves off from the greater source of this energy and so feel weak and insecure. To gain energy, we tend to manipulate or force others to give us attention and thus energy. When we successfully dominate others in this way, we feel more powerful, but they are left weakened and often fight back. Competition for scarce human energy is the cause of all conflict between people.

(5) 
Insecurity and violence end when we experience an inner connection with divine energy within, a connection described by the mystics of all traditions. A sense of lightness — buoyancy — and the constant sensation of love are measures of this connection. If these measures are present, the connection is real. If not, it is only pretended.

(6)
The more we stay connected, the more we are acutely aware of those times when we lose connection, usually when we are under stress. In these times, we can see our own particular way of stealing energy from others. Once our manipulations are brought to personal awareness, our connection becomes more constant and then we can discover our own growth path in life, and our spiritual mission, the personal way we can contribute to the world.

(7)
Knowing our personal mission further enhances the flow of mysterious coincidences as we are guided toward our destinies. First, we have a question then dreams, daydreams and intuition lead us toward the answers, which usually are synchronistically provided by the wisdom of another human being.

(8)
We can increase the frequency of guiding coincidences by uplifting every person that comes into our lives. Care must be taken not to lose our inner connection in romantic relationships. Uplifting others is especially effective in groups where each member can feel the energy of all the others. With children, it is extremely important to their early security and growth. By seeing the beauty in every face, we lift others into their wisest self and increase the chances of hearing a synchronistic message.

(9)
As we all evolve toward the best completion of our spiritual missions, the technological means of survival will be fully automated as humans focus instead on synchronistic growth. Such growth will  move humans into ever higher energy states, ultimately transforming our bodies into spiritual form and uniting this dimension of existence with the afterlife dimension, ending the cycle of birth and death.

Isn’t that a wonderful revelation? Feel free to join in the process because it will certainly help find your mission and your intuitive way of uplifting the world!
